# Halo-Reach-Hot-Pursuit
A repo for map and game variants pertaining to Hot Pursuit for Halo Reach.

# Table of Contents
- [Map Files](#map-files)
- [GameType Files](#gametype-files)
- [How to Read/Edit Map Files](#how-to-readedit-map-files)
- [How to Read/Edit GameType Files](#how-to-readedit-gametype-files)
- [License](#license-anchor-point)
# Map Files
Inside the Map Files Folder contains a comprehensive list of every Hot Pursuit map (.mvar file) for Halo Reach that we have so far.
The acronym (.mvar) stands for "Map Variant" and each one has a randomized filename that is generated by the Halo: MCC game client and used as a unique identifer. It is possible to change these filenames and still be able to open the map file in-game, but it will present problems with using these maps in a Custom Game Browser Lobby. As a compromise, two versions of each map is provided in this repo: Named and Randomized.
# GameType Files
The GameType Files are all different versions/variants of Hot Pursuit, which are all originally based off the infection gametype. They all use custom scripting to provide a unique experience.
# How to Read/Edit Map Files
In terms of editing the contents of any .mvar file, this can be done using forge mode in Halo MCC's game client. You can also use Soptive's [**MVAR Studio**](https://github.com/Sopitive/MapVariantEditor) to access a deeper level of modification of these files, that isn't always possible in the in-game Forge menu. Additionally, to read and manage the large number of map variants in this repo, you can also use my [**MVAR Viewer**](https://github.com/BenjaminCot/HaloMCCReach-mvar-viewer) which is designed to view and manage map variant files en masse opposed to one at at time. The MVAR Viewer will also allow you to view the randomly named files with their actual titles as they appear in-game.
# How to Read/Edit GameType Files
To read and edit GameType files, most of the modifications that users need are accessible in-game using the custom game menus. If you wish to delve deeper or actually write/modify your own code, it is recommended to use DavidJCobb's [ReachVariantEditor](https://github.com/DavidJCobb/ReachVariantEditor) which allows deeper customisation of each gametypes settings, as well as direct editing of the code itself, which isn't possible within the game.
# License <a name="license-anchor-point"></a>
This is licensed under [Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-NC-SA 4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/4.0/). Note: use of these files is also subject to the [Halo: MCC EULA](https://content.halocdn.com/media/Default/games/Halo-Master-Chief-Collection/EULAs/mcc_eula_en-7c6c521ed09040bfa67de0488bed5004.pdf), which prohibits commercial use.
